It is very probable that you may have heard of the Bash Shell if you've taken interest in getting certified in the CompTIA Linux+ XKO-004 Certification.

For beginners that don't know what a shell is, it's basically a computer program that presents a command line interface which allows you to control your computer using commands entered with a keyboard instead of controlling graphical user interfaces(GUIs).

Bash is simply the default interpreter on many GNU/Linux systems, before continuing we'd like you to invite to install any Linux distribution to get started using Bash, Mint works wonders for beginners.

Even if you're not interested in server administration, it works wonders for upstarting your productivity once you get the hang of it.

To start your Bash terminal, locate the icon, or simply press Ctrl + Alt + T

Your first task will be to determine which is your default interpreter

$ echo $SHELL 
/bin/bash 

This is a good practice since we need to determine which our default interpreter is, as there are several other shell interpreters available, such as the C shell.

In order to navigate through our folders, we are going to need to learn a few commands.

The important ones are pwd, ls, and cd.

pwd will print your current location.

ls will list the files in your current location, you can also add -a after ls in order to see the hidden files.

In order to access any of these locations, all you have to do is type cd and the folder you're interested in accessing.

Once inside the folder you are, you can always go back with cd ..



Once you've already completed a couple of projects, you might want to feel the eagerness to share what you've done to your friends, partners or even future employers.

You can always share the code you've invested hours to get that applet working and deploy it to GitHub, it might work wonders but the reality is that you're making your potential employer waste time in locating the code, downloading it, extracting it and hosting it in their own local machine.

Sometimes people that will review your portfolio may not even be tech savvy and you know how hard it is to even get the grasp of version controlling in the beginning.

So there's basically no excuse in not uploading your projects to a host, this way you'll make your potential employer skip a lot of steps and straightly deliver content to him.

Netlify offers free hosting for your projects, all you need to do is to associate your GitHub profile to the platform, and it will mirror the contents of the repository of your interest to a website.

The website you're using right now makes use of that service.

Create an account in Netlify (you can also use your GitHub account as a login token for easiness of use) and you'll reach the dashboard, this will contain all your deployed sites.

In order to add your site, you need to press the Add New Site button and select the Import an existing project option.


Once you've done this, the webiste will ask you to connect to a Git provider, it will ask you to login to your GitHub account again, select the GitHub option and complete the process.





Let's get one thing straight, exposure is one of the things that we greatly look upon, since it gives us the opportunity to makes us visible to possible clients and gives us the chance to offer our products and services to them.

We could combine the best marketing ideas, ways to convince the potential client using the right words, but there's one tiny mistake that we're commiting here.

No amount of marketing or complex verbose will convince an Google's site crawler about what our website is offering or selling.

We need to find the right tools, and for that we need to take a deep look at the META tags that HTML5 offers in order to generate more traffic.

This is considered the most important tag that you should place in your HTML, any search engine needs to know what the content of your website is, and the title tag describes the topic of each page or piece of content on your website.

The meta tags are a couple of keywords that will provide information that further describe what the content is about.

For example in the meta description, we should pair the words that are the focus of the item